Ok... here is where I'mma dump the data, most of which is initially
gleaned from John Palmer's web writings

****************************************
NOTE: These equations also work for degrees Celsius, liters and
kilograms. The only difference is that the thermodynamic constant of
.2 changes to .41.
****************************************

Initial Infusion Equation: Strike Water Temperature Tw = (.2/r)(T2 -
T1) + T2

Mash Infusion Equation: Wa = (T2 - T1)(.2G + Wm)/(Tw - T2)

where: r = The ratio of water to grain in quarts per pound.  Wa = The
amount of boiling water added (in quarts).  Wm = The total amount of
water in the mash (in quarts).  T1 = The initial temperature (¡F) of
the mash.  T2 = The target temperature (¡F) of the mash.  Tw = The
actual temperature (¡F) of the infusion water.  G = The amount of
grain in the mash (in pounds).

The infusion water does not have to be boiling, a common choice is to
use the sparge water at 170¡F. Then TB becomes 170 ¡F and more water
(Wa) will be needed to make up the additional quantity of heat.

Example: This example will push the envelope with three rests. We are
going to mash 8 lbs. of grain through a 104 ¡F, 140 ¡F, and 158 ¡F
(40, 60, and 70 ¡C) multi-rest mash schedule. For the purposes of this
example, we will assume that the temperature of the dry grain is 70 ¡F
(21 ¡C). The first infusion will need to take the temperature of the
mash from 70 ¡F to 104 ¡F. We will start with an initial water ratio
of 1 qt/lb. Using the initial infusion equation, the strike water
temperature is:

Tw = (.2/r)(T2-T1) + T2= (.2/1)(104 - 70) +104 = 110.8 or 111¡F

For the second infusion, to bring the temperature to 140 ¡F, we need
to use the mash infusion equation. At 1 qt/lb, Wm is 8 qt. We will
assume that our boiling water for the infusions has cooled somewhat to
210 ¡F.

Wa = (T2 - T1) X (0.2G + Wm) / (Tw - T2)

Wa = (140 - 104) X (1.6 + 8) / (210 - 140)

Wa = 36 X 9.6 / 70 = 4.9 qt

For the third infusion, the total water volume is now 8 + 4.9 = 12.9
qt.

Wa = (158 - 140) X (1.6 + 12.9) / (210 - 158) Wa = 18 X 15.1 / 52 =
5.2 qt

The total volume of water required to perform this schedule is 8 + 4.9
+ 5.2 = 18.1 qt, or 4.5 gallons). The final water-to-grain ratio has
increased to 2.26 qt/lb (18.1 / 8).